# Entry 2: My Findings
##### 11/4/24

## I entered the cave and saw...

I went into the cave full of answers called [Google](https://www.google.com/) which I needed for financial researching purposes. [Nerdwallet](https://www.nerdwallet.com/), a personal finance software for newcomers/ beginners and it has articles that offer financial advice (as covered in the Blog Entry 1 sources). After that discovery, I was motivated so I walked deeper into the cave searching for *__"good personal financing softwares."__* Then I came across [GoodBudget](https://goodbudget.com/). Like Nerdwallet, it is beginner friendly, comprehensible budgeting tool called the Envelope **(categorizes user's money spending in many fields like Family, personal, or grocery spendings)**, and its versatile nature of it being able to display the same information on different devices. Two softwares discovered so far! Now onto the another route in the cave known as the **Hardware Swamp...** notorious for its difficulty for finding hardwares related to personal financing. I searched for *__"hardwares for financing"__* to no avail until Mr. Mueller, our teacher, came along and suggested that a tool called AI may help. The next day, I came back with an AI tool which detected some Hardwares hiding deep in the swamps. Throughout the day, I found 2 hardwares that is perfect for my cause which is to help teenagers **(financially ignorant)**: **[The Ekster Smart Wallet](https://www.ekster.com/blogs/the-journal/what-s-a-smart-wallet)**, a revolutionary product that changes the style of wallets and it's philosophical value of minimalism. The wallet itself is 5x stronger than steel **(Caborn Fiber)**, less likely for personal information to be breached **(blocks RFI)**, and **due to its small design, it influences people to decide how much money to put in their wallets. The idea is to minimalize money being spent on irrelevant items, a good start to budgeting.** However, the second hardware is more straightfoward: **[The RingPay Smart Ring](https://mclear.com/ringpay/features/).** Simplicity and convenience is considered in the making of the ring -- pay with a single tap, lost ring can be found with your smart device, **password before making a big purchase**, and can own up to four rings (can share funds between the four rings). At the end of the day, I exited the Google cave, proud with my findings. For the time being, I collected extra data by asking teenagers in my neighborhood about their financial knowledge, **"Do you have a budget?"** or **"How good are you at saving money?"** 70-80% are clueless on how to budget and 20-30% are good at saving money/ budgeting. Now I'm ready. . .

## Engineering Design Process (EDP)

I am in the second step of EDP which is **Research the Problem**. Currently I've found two helpful beginner friendly softwares and two hardwares that fit the category also **(softwares and hardwares explained in the paragraph above).** Moreover with the data I've collected through the survey, 70-80% of teenagers are financially ignorant and 20-30% are budgeting amateurs. Based on this, for step three of EDP, **brainstorm possible solutions**, I will come up with a hardware device similar to RingPay or a software similar to NerdWallet or a combination of both NerdWallet and RingPay. **The end goal = beginner friendly personal financing innovation.**




[Previous](entry01.md) | [Next](entry03.md)

[Home](../README.md)